[Music]
very good my dear lovers of the
heart well
regling today is very busy very
long the dog things that you already know those of you
who follow me in the live shows I haven't
had the whole day very busy
paperwork and preparations for
the operation and the truth is that I could not
do absolutely anything I have not even
caught up on almost anything the only thing I have
done well has been watch the
Antonio Davis live show and then we did a
live show commenting on it but in one part of the
live show we put some audios from
Coto Matamoros some pretty
strong audios from Coto Matamoros when he was
doing live shows with Pepe Herrero the
subject of Carlota Prado and so on and they are some
very strong audios and I had more
live markers plus 18 okay this you are not
going to understand much of what it is about
but when they mark you I do not want anything
marked on my channel okay I do not want this
channel is very clean this channel is
very green this channel is going very well and it is going
like a shot and I do not want the channel to
have absolutely any errors in
any of the videos so
tomorrow we will try to be another live show
analyzing  again everything as it is how
the day has gone how has the trial of the
covered broth gone because it is suspended
the
debutant David as a reporter on the
street the live broadcast of Antonio to Vis with
those with the legal team we will be
commenting again tomorrow they prepare it it
is better with click and with things and more
structures okay and less tired and we
will comment on everything tomorrow well and I will be
careful with what I post so that it does not happen to me again
but I say this so that the
people who are not in the live broadcast occasion
today there were few people we had about 3 about
3,000 viewers only that I did not
miss live that I had to
delete it that is why okay because this channel
has to be cool and clean and well I am
making this video to give those
explanations and to comment or what a
failure what a failure the good
the second chapter of Montealto no and it is
that I already predicted it or rather I told you yes already
the first no the third the third
the third because we are talking that
this is the one from Monday we had one
last Tuesday and on Friday there were good ones
of lasted almost almost four hours don't be the
third what franks ha  been going down
more and more
97 97 percent they have taken out the
audience I mean we are already talking about
this that we go to channel 47 that video I
think it's going to end more audience than this is
not I don't think
this program will be very worthwhile I don't know how they are going to
solve it surely on Friday because they will
put in a lot of the CEO they will put in as bait
a supposed response to Gloria Camila
that I think is going to be quite brief and
that is going to leave us it doesn't leave me the same as
if I hadn't responded and something so much in
the insurance some love letters so much there
was nothing they have to do because
this is not working out and they are going to
cut it they are going to cut the program I don't know
how much season how many weeks
they expected to last with this program but
this this is going down this already the
next thing 1 percent or in other words this is already going
down family a complete
failure really its complete completely
but complete failure they are getting worse they are
not lifting this come on I wouldn't be what they
have to do family see you
tomorrow I send you a huge hug
maybe he released some other news before
going to bed I had taken a look  Let's
see what's on tomorrow, we should
go live a little earlier to
make up for it. I'm also still preparing a
video for the main channel that you're going to
love. You'll see. I haven't given us any advance notice
yet. When I have it recorded,
I'll tell you what it's about. But anyway, a hug, and
rest well.
[Music]